hi to all guys and welcome back in
this new video in which I will show you
all the news that apple has introduced
in ayers 8.3 beta 1 2 and 3
let's not waste time and start right away
well on this iphone 5 I installed from
little ios 8.3 beta 3 and since in mine
channel I had not yet made a video
summary of the novelties of this ios
I take this opportunity to show you the news
of the beta 1 2 3 all in one video
well we start shipped because the news
they are not many but they are interesting
first we start with two functions
that I can't show you a concern
carpi ray the system of integration between
iphone or ipad with a car
obviously the machine must support
such technology that with ios 8.3 not
will require more cable presence
physical to connect the iphone to the
car but it will be completely without
wires and another function that unfortunately
I can't show you that in ayers
8.3 support has been added
complete google on step
verification then to the new system of
secure verification in
google account
technical stuff that we no longer care about
of so much said this we pass to the
the first thing that comes to me
it seems mandatory to show you is the
presence of a complete set
renewed icons of emoticons indeed
by activating the emoji keyboard you see that
here primarily the same keyboard is
changed it seems to me much more like
that of mac osx moans and then you see
that there are plenty of new icons
ready to be used I don't know if
you have also heard a kind of
controversy with these icons we will talk about it
in a very short time now I will give you vi
I actually show the
new sliding method that now
treats all these sub-categories as
if they were an album to browse through you see
in fact that the more I go on the lower from
one category to another
frankly I prefer this method
compared to the previous one instead
he was a little awkward I'm sure
taking the hand with this new one
sliding system will be all very
more fluid also because all
the first tab remains on the left
so we can always keep track of
all emoticons is the one mentioned
I was talking before you see that now
People icons have the
possibility to be differentiated by
skin color so we can
choose whether to use the icon for
example of this of this man of
this guy with the most coloring
light darker etc. we will be able to
choose from six different types
this fact has generated a little bit
a scandal you know those scandals that
they are born just to make people talk about them
because there are those who have not appreciated this
apple choice I frankly have it
found one more thing that one can
use or can venice or not use vi
I also wanted to show that they were
changed three of the emoticons already
existing in fact the watch was
replaced the iPhone with the Apple Watch
that was there before that it looked like an iphone
2g was finally replaced with
the iphone 6 emoticon and the computer
has been replaced with a real one
imac and in miniature then you are apple
custom personalized his
same icons that I also find a lot
better than before, very very beautiful then
that was all there was to it
tell about how emoticons have changed
now on this new ios 8.3
to the next news that I find
really useful i liked this
novelty that has been introduced appropriate
8.3 beta 3 which allows to filter i
imessage messages from people
that we do not have three contacts
let me explain better you see that it is me
a message arrived from a number that
this iphone has no three contacts
obviously obscured the number because yes
it's my personal number
so we see that this is about
an imessage message then the sender
between what might spam quotes
he wants because the imessages are free
and therefore I could continue to receive
messages from these individual without
know who actually is good from
message settings there will be this
new entry that allows you to filter the
conversations what it means to filter
first of all, see the conversations
must be enabled then we go immediately to
activate it this list filter is here
conversations that allows
to move to a separate category
all the conversations imessage then
does not work with text messages only with
the imessages of people we don't have
among the contacts as you see here we will have the
first section called contacts and sms
where precisely there will be people who
we have between contacts or people
unknown but contact us
via normal sms and then the section with
filter that contains all the
imessage conversations with people who
we don't have three contacts
I personally find this function
really smart and interesting
let me also know what you think
and last but not least, ios 8.3 beta 3
finally this beta also supports
in fact apple watch was indeed
adding the same asp that was added
the nuggets 8.2 final public then from
now on , 8.3 beta also supports
technology and integration to the full
with apple watch
if you want a much more detailed video
which explains them all well
particularity of this application
I did it you can reach it by clicking
on this note which appears to you a
screen so guys too
video comes to an end these dwarf le
main news that until now apple
introduced in ayers 8.3 beta 1 2 and 3
I can tell you among other things that
finally for the first time in
absolute apple allows anyone to
officially and legally install
aires 8.3 beta 3 so even if not
do you have a developer account a
payment you will be able to install this
firmware on your iphone ipod touch or
ipad
if you want a nice video tutorial on how
do it a nice video guide on mine
channel let me know by leaving a nice one
so thumb up to this video then
guys all that remains is to greet you
follow me on my forum at
www.gigroup.it follow me on twitter there
my name is black gip everything and put a
nice thumb up on my page of
facebook this not just to stay
updated on the news regarding the
my channel but in general to stay
apple world and more generally of the
technology said this if you want
help me grow you can
quietly share
this video with friends or on social media
network but above all the thing more
important to subscribe to my channel
a big hello to all